README.md, before:

### Hi there, This is [Mushfiqur Rahman][website] 👋

## I'm a full-stack data scientist with a passion for history, economy, and stock market. I am always eager to stay on top of new AI advancements and discoveries.

- 🏁 My goal is to be a full-stack data scientist with MLOps skills.
- 🔭 I contributed to two research papers as the first author! 
- 🌱 I'm diving into MLOps and AWS cloud technologies to expand my skill set. Exciting times ahead! 😄
- 💬 Ask me about machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, and generative AI.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with the other researchers.
- 📫 Reach me on LinkedIn/Email.
- 🥅 Goals: Explore MLOps and add MLOps skills to my arsenal.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love to walk around the street at night to enjoy the city life. I can scroll Google Maps for endless hours.

---

### Connect with me:

Reach me via [LinkedIn][linkedin] or [E-mail](mailto:mushfiqur.rahman.robin@gmail.com). You can check my [Portfolio][website], [Hugging Face][huggingface],[Google Scholar][googlescholar], and [Researchgate][researchgate] profile to see my current progress. To get to know me better, follow me at [Facebook][facebook], [Instagram][instagram] and [Twitter][twitter].

---


[<img align="left" alt="Mushfiq's GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin&show_icons=true&theme=radical"/>](https://github.com/Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin/)

<p><img align='right' src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin" alt="Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin" /> </p>



[website]: https://mushfiqur-rahman-robin.github.io/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/MushfiqurRobin
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/mushfiqur._.rahman/
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mushfiqur--rahman/
[researchgate]: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Md-Rahman-1100
[facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/mushfiqur.rahman.78/
[googlescholar]: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=2-Z5fHgAAAAJ
[huggingface]: https://huggingface.co/mushfiqurrobin

Commit message:

updated README.md by adding new stats

README.md, after:

### Hi there, This is [Mushfiqur Rahman][website] 👋

## I'm a full-stack data scientist with a passion for history, economy, and the stock market. I am always eager to stay on top of new AI advancements and discoveries.

- 🏁 My goal is to be a full-stack data scientist with MLOps skills.
- 🔭 I contributed to **two research papers** as the **first author!**
- 🌱 I'm diving into MLOps and AWS cloud technologies. Exciting times ahead! 😄
- 💬 Ask me about machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, and generative AI.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with other researchers.
- 📫 Reach me on [LinkedIn][linkedin] or [Email](mailto:mushfiqur.rahman.robin@gmail.com).
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love walking around the city at night and scrolling Google Maps for hours.
---

### Connect with me:

Reach me via [LinkedIn][linkedin] or [E-mail](mailto:mushfiqur.rahman.robin@gmail.com). You can check my [Portfolio][website], [Hugging Face][huggingface], [Google Scholar][googlescholar], and [Researchgate][researchgate] profile to see my current progress. To get to know me better, follow me at [Facebook][facebook], [Instagram][instagram] and [Twitter][twitter].

---

### 🧰 Languages & Tools I Use

<img src="metrics.tools.svg" alt="Languages & Tools" align="center"/>


### 📊 GitHub Stats
---

<p align="center"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true" height="170"/> 
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin&layout=compact&theme=radical" height="170"/> </p> <p align="center"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Mushfiqur-Rahman-Robin&label=Profile%20Views&style=flat" /> </p>

---


[website]: https://mushfiqur-rahman-robin.github.io/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/MushfiqurRobin
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/mushfiqur._.rahman/
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mushfiqur--rahman/
[researchgate]: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Md-Rahman-1100
[facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/mushfiqur.rahman.78/
[googlescholar]: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=2-Z5fHgAAAAJ
[huggingface]: https://huggingface.co/mushfiqurrobin
